Clarify the integer type of Dimensions' start attributes (#736)
modelica/fmi-standard: docs/2_2_common_schema.adoc

Variable elements representing array variables must contain a `Dimensions` element specifying the array dimensions.
The `Dimensions` element contains a sequence of `Dimension` elements, each specifying the size of one dimension of the array:

> - If the <<start>> attribute of the `Dimension` element is present, it defines a constant `fmi3Uint32` size for this dimension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the <<start>> attribute of the `Dimension` element is present, it defines a constant unsigned 32-bit integer size for this dimension.
```

Again since we are talking about non-API stuff, better to not reference the API typedefs.

The <<variability>> of the dimension size is <<constant>> in this case.

- If the <<valueReference>> attribute of the `Dimension` element is present, it defines the size of this dimension to be the value of the variable with the value reference given by the <<valueReference>> attribute.

> The referenced variable must be a variable of `fmi3Uint32` type, and must either be a constant (i.e. with <<variability>> = <<constant>>) or a <<structuralParameter,`structural parameter`>>(i.e. with <<causality>> = <<structuralParameter>>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The referenced variable must be a variable of `UInt32` type, and must either be a constant (i.e. with <<variability>> = <<constant>>) or a <<structuralParameter,`structural parameter`>>(i.e. with <<causality>> = <<structuralParameter>>).
```
Better to use the XML schema element name, rather than the API type definition, I think.
